[#343] Validate JWT Access Tokens locally (#344)
irods/irods_client_http_api: README.md

                // Optional unless running as a protected resource.
                "client_secret": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",

                // The realm secret used validating signed JWT Access Tokens using a symmetric algorithm.
                // Used if provided, otherwise, defaults to validating with "client_secret".

>                 "realm_secret": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",

Author: Done.

                // Optional unless running as a protected resource.
                "client_secret": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",

>                 // The realm secret used validating signed JWT Access Tokens using a symmetric algorithm.

Author: ```suggestion
                // The secret used when validating a JWT signed using a symmetric algorithm (e.g. HS256).
```
Something like this?

>                 // The realm secret used validating signed JWT Access Tokens using a symmetric algorithm.

Reviewer: Yes, that's better.

>                 // The realm secret used validating signed JWT Access Tokens using a symmetric algorithm.

Reviewer 2: signed using -> signed with ?

>                 // The realm secret used validating signed JWT Access Tokens using a symmetric algorithm.

Author: Done.

                // Used if provided, otherwise, defaults to validating with "client_secret".

>                 // If provided, it MUST be base64url encoded.

Reviewer: The line length causes a horizontal scrollbar to appear. Please adjust.

I noticed the `user_mapping` stanza causes that too. Please adjust that as well.

>                 // If provided, this MUST be base64url encoded.

Author: Should we also have MUST be lowercase?

>                 // If provided, this MUST be base64url encoded.

Author: Done.

>                 // If provided, this MUST be base64url encoded.

Reviewer 2: lowercase is fine.    feels like you've been deep in those RFCs...
